<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Mock AzAPI Module

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9.0, < 2.0.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.6)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.example_rg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.example_rg_singleton](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_string.suffix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azapi_client_config.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The Azure location where resources will be created

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_create_example_resources"></a> [create\_example\_resources](#input\_create\_example\_resources)

Description: Whether to create the example AVM-shaped resources/data sources in this mock module.

Defaults to false so that any apply path (terraform plan in pr-check, terraform test integration  
against real Azure) does not provision real resources. Set to true in the unit test (which uses  
mock\_provider blocks) to exercise the full apply path against mocked providers.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the resource created by the module.

### <a name="output_resource_ids"></a> [resource\_ids](#output\_resource\_ids)

Description: The IDs of the example resources created by the module, keyed by example\_keys.

### <a name="output_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#output\_subscription\_id)

Description: The ID of the subscription the module is deployed to.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->